welcome back everyone today we are going
to take a look at a 2007 horror and
thriller film called trick or treat
spoilers ahead
at the beginning of the movie some rules
are told about halloween these rules are
always walk on the sidewalks never go to
a stranger's house and never go out
alone
the first stories opens up with the
couple emma and her halloween loving
husband henry they return home after
attending a party they seem to be tired
emma gets irritated by the halloween
decorations and blows out their
jack-o-lantern she does not listen to
henry when he advises her to stop as it
is against the tradition he tells her
that all the people celebrate halloween
and follow the rules but his wife does
not agree he also tries to persuade her
to spend some personal time with him but
she refuses because she hates halloween
she wants to remove all decorations
before midnight he tells her that he
will do it for her in the morning but
she says that he will get busy with his
video game she also tells him that her
mother who will arrive the following day
would not enter the house if she sees
the mess then she asks henry to go and
take a rest henry goes inside the house
and puts on the tape natural special
meanwhile emma begins tearing down the
front lawn decorations she switches off
all the lights and then she begins to
uncover all the sculptures she sees a
man in black costume with a spooky mask
on his face in front of her house she
gets terrified because the man seems to
stand still but she takes on a sigh of
relief when a car approaches the man and
he takes off his mask before getting in
while cleaning up the decorations emma
is ambushed and murdered by an unseen
asylum the killer's face remains hidden
but he has a lollipop in his hand
henry wakes up in the middle of the
night and goes out to see emma he
discovers her mutilated corpse on a
display with decorations a lollipop had
also been thrusted into her mouth which
the murderer had in his hand then we are
introduced to laurie a self-conscious
young woman who arrives at a christmas
party with her sister danielle and her
friends maria and janet they pick up
their dating partners except lori who
wants her first time to be special so
she declines their invitation of a get
together to enjoy the town festival then
a fat mischievous boy called charlie is
shown who breaks the pumpkin lights put
on the fences of the houses he spoils
the entire halloween decorations of each
house in the neighborhood he is all he
also has a white sack in his hand which
he drags on the ground while walking he
steals candy from the bowl left by a
school principal stephen wilkins his
principal arrives and catches him on the
spot they both sit on the staircase
outside the house
the principal tells him about the rules
of halloween that must be followed
charlie eats a bar of chocolate while
listening to the event's rules and all
of a sudden he starts vomiting blood
because of the chocolate and his
condition begins to worsen
principal stephen wilkins tells him that
he has told him many times to eat the
chocolates after checking
then he reveals that he laced the
chocolate with poison
principal stephen wilkins takes his dead
body to bury somewhere meanwhile a group
of children appear in front of his house
these children are macey sarah chip and
shrander principal stephen wilkins hands
out candies to all of them there is also
a child standing behind those children
who has covered his whole head and the
name of his child is sam sam also leaves
after taking the candies from the
principal then the principal takes the
dead body into the backyard while
burying the body the principal stephen
wilkins is continually interrupted by
his young son billy and his reclusive
neighbor mr craig
a dead body is already lying in the
backyard mr craig asks stephen wilkins
to get out of the backyard and stop
making the noise finally the principal
succeeds in burying those dead bodies
when he returns mr krieg is seen trying
to say something to him through the
window but stephen wilkins ignores him
as both the men are not on good terms
with each other
as stephen wilkins enters his own house
he doesn't find his son but suddenly he
shows up as he jumps out and scares him
wilkins tells billy it is time to carve
the jack-o-lantern and guides him
downstairs hiding a knife behind his
back wilkin intends to stab billy but
later on it is revealed that the knife
was actually plunged into charlie's head
then the same children are shown who had
visited principal stephen wilkins house
to take candies these children collect
jack-o'-lanterns to fulfill their
pursuit on the way they encounter an
innocent girl rhonda she likes halloween
a lot and becomes part of their group
the group travels to a local flooded
quarry where macy reveals the urban
legend of the halloween school bus
massacre which claimed the lives of
eight children with their disabilities
in a school bus on halloween the driver
who had been paid by their worn-out
parents over the quarry edge with the
children shackled inside the children
perished and the driver was never heard
from again
macy announced that they will leave
eight jack-o-lanterns by the lake as a
tribute to the dead children rhonda goes
down with chip through an elevator she
then observes that there is a school bus
ahead she understands immediately that
the story is narrated by macy is true
rhonda is suddenly attacked by some
people and they look like zombies she
runs away from them to save her life but
loses her balance and falls into a
pothole when she restores her senses the
group then poses as the undead kids who
prank a terrified ronda ronda feels very
bad and goes back to the elevator
ronda stays at the elevator while the
group cleans their props macy ends up
kicking one of the lanterns into the
quarry causing the real zombie children
to appear sarah gets caught by the
zombies when the group flees to the
elevator they beg rhonda to let them in
the elevator quickly they tell her that
this time it is not a prank but rhonda
does not believe them so she takes the
elevator up leaving all of them there
and quietly walks home as she hears the
screaming group being torn apart and
eaten by the eight zombie children
on her way she briefly encounters sam
while leaving and the two exchange a
meaningful glance
the next scene opens with a girl who is
shown romancing with a guy who is
dressed as a vampire the girl is covered
in blood and she finds the guy as a real
vampire she runs and cries for help but
no one listens to her because everybody
thinks that she has worn her costume for
halloween
finally the vampire kills her and leaves
her to the side of the road with a few
drunk people her dead body is not
noticed as everyone around is tipsy
later lori is shown who is still
searching for a partner to go to the
party with on her way to the town
festival she encounters a hooded serial
killer just as a vampire who attacks her
then at a bonfire laurie's sister and
friends are shown who are waiting for
her suddenly they spot a man who is
severely injured falling out of a tree
in lori's red dress they unmask him and
it is revealed that he is stephen
wilkins the school's principal who
killed the small boy charlie he was not
a vampire and just disguises himself as
a vampire so he can kill people
laurie arrives there and she tells them
that he attacked her one of the girls
named maria takes out the vampire's fake
teeth wilkins asks them how he has been
brought here and he is frightened to
witness the many corpses around those
girls
here is the truth about those girls is
exposed they are not normal human beings
but werewolves who disguise themselves
as humans
lori also tells them that she has
decided to join them for this occasion
and the girls transform into werewolves
they tear off their fake human skins and
start devouring wilkins while all of
this happens sam is witnessing everyone
at the feast
after this a flashback is shown a few
trick-or-treaters dressed in clown
costumes with the bags of candy in their
hands go to mr creek's house but he
scares him away by his dog spite as he
does not like halloween at all he never
celebrates his festival and never takes
part in it then he is seen burning a few
photos as the night proceeds mr craig
begins to encounter escalating phenomena
someone eggs his window and he sees that
his lawn is filled with jack-o'-lanterns
he then hears a sound from his bedroom
his dog's spike goes out to the room but
does not return he takes out his gun and
when he gets there he sees something
shaking under the quilt on the bed
under the quilt he finds a moving little
hand suddenly a jack-o-lantern is lit up
after that he discovers the walls and
ceilings of the bedroom are painted with
bloody halloween greetings mr krieg is
then attacked by sam hiding beneath the
bed he gets wounded on the lower part of
his leg and he falls on the floor with a
long shriek
then sam comes out and moves towards mr
krieg he disappears when mr krieg shoots
at him the older man limps heavily as he
goes out of the bedroom he loses his
balance on the staircase which is
spilled with sharp little objects and he
gets injured badly he moves towards the
main door and tries to unlock it
suddenly he hears a pearl of weird
laughter and sam attacks him from the
ceiling mr krieg tries to get sam off
him and succeeds by throwing him on the
floor he then goes to his window and
begs stephen wilkins to help him this
explains the scene from when stephen
wilkins was returning home from the
backyard he sees mr krieg yells from the
window but he ignores it while mr krieg
pleads stephen wilkins from the window
sam attacks him again and hits him on
the face and in return he gets unmasked
and revealed to be a malicious pumpkin
headed child
sam's supernatural powers enabled him to
have an upper hand in the fight and he
eventually succeeded to deliver the
killing blow to mr creed however sam
ends up stabbing a chocolate bar that
had landed on mr krieg's lap by mistake
which he then takes and eats thus making
mr creed complete the tradition of
handing out candy on halloween sam seems
victorious and he leaves a confused mr
creed by giving him one last warning
glance then the photographs in the
fireplace reveals the story that mr
krieg was the bus driver that killed the
eight children many years ago on the day
of halloween
later mr krieg is again seen who has
turned into a good human being he begins
giving out candy to the children and
then he sees rhonda who is pulling her
pumpkin card he sees billy handing out
treats to the other kids while wearing a
costume resembling his father's outfit
he looks at lori her sister and her
friends driving along the road while
having a great time
they have transformed into human beings
again he catches sight of sam watching
emma and henry return home and it is the
same couple we see at the beginning of
the movie here it is revealed that the
murder of emma was no one else but sam
he returns inside only to receive a
knock on the door mr krieg opens it
revealing the eight resurrected children
waiting for him the concluding scene of
the movie shows that mr krieg is
dismembered and all eight children have
gotten their vengeance and the movie
ends thanks for watching guys